chore: rn surveys (#10843)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/surveys/_snippets/react-native-surveys-installation.mdx

## Step one: Add PostHog to your app

> > 🚧 **NOTE:** Mobile surveys is **currently available on [React Native](/docs/surveys/installation?tab=React%20Native)**, which is in beta. We'd love to hear your feedback on betas via the [in-app support panel](https://us.posthog.com#panel=support%3Afeedback%3Asurveys%3Alow) or one of our other [support options](/docs/support-options).

Reviewer: We don't really need this link if it just links to itself
```suggestion
> 🚧 **Note:** Mobile surveys for React Native for is currently in **beta**. We'd love to hear your feedback on betas via the [in-app support panel](https://us.posthog.com#panel=support%3Afeedback%3Asurveys%3Alow) or one of our other [support options](/docs/support-options).
```

> > Requires PostHog React Native SDK version >= [3.12.0](https://github.com/PostHog/posthog-js-lite/releases), and it's recommended to always use the latest version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using surveys requires PostHog's React Native SDK version >= [3.12.0](https://github.com/PostHog/posthog-js-lite/releases). It's recommended to always use the latest version.
```

import ReactNativeInstall from "../../integrate/_snippets/install-react-native.mdx"

<ReactNativeInstall />

## Step two: Install surveys dependencies

```bash
yarn add react-native-safe-area-context react-native-svg
# or
npm i -s react-native-safe-area-context react-native-svg
```

> ## Step three: Add the Surveys Provider

Reviewer: We try to use sentence case as much as possible.
```suggestion
## Step three: Add the surveys provider
```

Add `PostHogSurveyProvider` to your app anywhere inside `PostHogProvider`. This component fetches surveys. It also acts as the root for where popover surveys are rendered.

```ts
<PostHogProvider /*... your config ...*/>
  <PostHogSurveyProvider>{children}</PostHogSurveyProvider>
</PostHogProvider>
```

> If you're not using the `PostHogProvider`, Add `PostHogSurveyProvider` to your app anywhere inside your app root component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're not using the `PostHogProvider`, add `PostHogSurveyProvider` to your app anywhere inside your app root component.
```

```ts
<YourAppRoot>
  <PostHogSurveyProvider>
</YourAppRoot>
```

You can also pass your `client` instance to the `PostHogSurveyProvider`.

```ts
<PostHogSurveyProvider client={posthog}>
```

## Supported Features

| Feature                           | Support                            |
| --------------------------------- | ---------------------------------- |
| **Questions**                     |                                    |
| All question types                | ✅                                 |
| Multi-question surveys            | ✅                                 |
| Confirmation message              | ✅                                 |

> | Feedback Button Presentation      | ❌                                 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Feedback button presentation      | ❌                                 |
```

| **Customization / Appearance**    |                                    |

> | Set colors in PostHog Dashboard   | ✅ Or override with your app theme |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Set colors in PostHog dashboard   | ✅ Or override with your app theme |
```

> | Shuffle Questions                 | ❌                                 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Shuffle questions                 | ❌                                 |
```

| PostHog branding                  | ❌                                 |
| Delay popup after page load       | ❌                                 |
| Position config                   | ❌ Always bottom center            |
| **Display conditions**            |                                    |
| Feature flag & property targeting | ✅                                 |

> | URL Targeting                     | ❌                                 |
> | Device type Targeting             | ✅                                 |
> | CSS Selector Matches              | ❌                                 |
> | Survey Wait period                | ❌                                 |
> | Event Triggers                    | ✅                                 |
> | Action Triggers                   | ❌                                 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| URL targeting                     | ❌                                 |
| Device type targeting             | ✅                                 |
| CSS selector matches              | ❌                                 |
| Survey wait period                | ❌                                 |
| Event triggers                    | ✅                                 |
| Action triggers                   | ❌                                 |
```
